welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
deliverance
for atlanta businessmen louis medlock ed
gentry
bobby tripp and drew ballinger decide to
canoe down a river in the remote
northern georgia wilderness before it is
damned
lewis an experienced outdoorsman is the
leader
his close friend ed has been on several
trips but lacks louis machismo
while bobby and drew are novices
on route to their launch site the men
bobby in particular
are condescending towards the locals who
are unimpressed by the
city boys at a local gas station drew
with his guitar engages a young banjo
playing boy in a musical duel
dueling banjos although drew enjoys it
the boy does not acknowledge him when
prompted for a congratulatory handshake
traveling in pairs the foursomes two
canoes are briefly separated
bobby and ed land briefly and encounter
a pair of mountain men
emerging from the woods one carrying a
shotgun and missing two front teeth
following a verbal altercation bobby is
forced at gunpoint to strip
his ear twisted to bring him to his
hands and knees
and then ordered to squeal like a pig
before being raped while ed is bound to
a tree and held at gunpoint by the other
man
hearing the commotion lewis sneaks up
and kills the rapist with an
arrow the other man quickly escapes into
the woods
after a brief but hot-headed debate
between lewis and drew ed and bobby vote
to side with lewis plan to bury the body
and continue on as if nothing had
happened
the four continue down river but the
canoes reach a dangerous stretch of
rapids
as drew and ed reach the rapids in the
lead canoe
drew shakes his head and falls headlong
into the water
it is unclear why the canoes collide on
the rocks
spilling lewis bobby and ed into the
river and breaking one of the canoes in
half
lewis breaks his femur and the others
are washed ashore alongside him in a
gorge
lewis who believes drew has been shot
encourages
ed to climb to the top of the gorge and
dispatch the other man
who is stalking them from above ed
reaches the top and hides out until
morning
when the stalker appears on the top of
the cliff with a rifle
ed clumsily shoots and manages to kill
him accidentally stabbing himself
with one of his own arrows in the
process
the dead man apparently has all his
teeth but on closer inspection is
revealed to be wearing dentures
ed and bobby weigh down the body in the
river to ensure it will never
be found when they encounter drew's body
downriver
they do the same upon finally reaching
the small town of aintree
they take lewis to the hospital the men
carefully concoct a cover story for the
authorities about drew's death
lying about their ordeal to sheriff
bullard in order to escape a possible
double murder charge
the sheriff does not believe them but
has no evidence to arrest them and tells
the men never to come back
the trio vow to keep their story of
death and survival a secret for the rest
of their lives
in the final scene ed awakes startled by
a nightmare in which a bloated hand
rises from the lake
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you